#Executive Summary

Lab4Part2 was done by starting with the select statement and coming to the correct statement, and only then inserting it into the procedure syntax between 'begin' & 'end'. And then calling the newly performed test. There is a syntax error on Line 13 for end// that I could not sort out. I will need follow-up to understand where I went wrong.
Lab4Part3 was done in a similar fashion and yielded the same error in syntax on end// on line 17.
Lab4Part4 was a difficult question to conceptualize and I went to the student help forum on blackboard for assistance. It helped me understand the syntax of procedures a bit more, but the remaining questions still proved difficult. To do this question i becane by writing the delete statement hat would be run by the procedure, then set it into the procedure syntax, and lastly wrote the select statements for each respective outcomes.
Lab4Part5 has the same end// syntax error on line13. I began the question by writing the insert statement and proceeded to place that block of code into the procedure syntax.
Lab4Part6 began with the select statement for calculating the discounted UnitPrice from order_details. Afterwards, the block of code was inserted into the procedure syntax. Although there was an error code on line11 that I am unsure of as why it is occuring. I then finished by writing the messages for how the code had been executed. This portion had no error in the end// syntax.
Lab4Part7 was troublesome, and I need some follow-up as to how to write triggers. I began with the select statement and IF() statement then attempted to create the trigger, but I know I am missing a core portion of the problem, but could not figure out how to correct it.

#Conclusion
This lab was regarding creating procedures and triggers in SQL to be used at a later time. Lab 4 was very difficult and demoralizing for me. I feel that I am missing a core concept in creating triggers and procedures. While this happens throughout the course of learning a language, I found it impossible to resolve the issues that I was facing. I will need a large amount of feedback to correct the holes in my code from this lab. If at all possible, can you shed some insight as to where I may have gone wrong on creating procedures?
